[exhales sharply]
[screaming]
[minister]
The bosses are quite angry, Tosaki.
[Tosaki] What can I do?
At this rate, I might be disposed of.
[grunts]
Go ahead.
I've got nothing left to live for.
My name is Sato, and I'm an Ajin.
The government is now conducting
inhumane experiments on Ajins.
I will begin a protest
directly in front of the Ministry.
So, please come fight with me.
[explosion, then people screaming]
What are you going to do, Mr. Tosaki?
Nothing's going to change.
That wasn't enough to get people moving.
This strategy wasn't aimed
to gather humans.
It's to gather Ajins.
Thanks for coming.
Now I'll tell you
the real gathering place.
You did bring me my cigarettes, right?
--that I will finally reach my goal,
no matter the cost to others.
I'll take everything.
Whatever you've got, I want it.
[Kei coughing]
[Kei] I've gotten used to pain,
but when it comes to drowning...
[grunts] That's rough.
[grunts]
Rescuing people...
[grunting]
really isn't worth all the effort.
Is this all of you?
I'm Sato. Come in, everyone.
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say the night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage to hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold your breath? ♪
♪ Just cos' they say it's tough now ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run a way
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
BRACE YOURSELVES
[labored breathing]
Oh, oh, oh!
Oh!
[groaning]
Why did you jump out like that?
[Kei] This is trouble.
[groaning] That really hurts!
[groaning]
It's not my fault she fell.
I should just leave her.
[Yamanaka groaning]
[sighs]
[grunts] Damn it.
My, what a great sight.
This is probably the first time
any of you have seen so many Ajins.
Well, Mr. Sato,
we're not exactly on board with this yet.
[Sato] Hm?
-First of all, I'd like to hear your plan
as to just how you're going to work
for Ajin rights.
Yeah, he's right.
We all wanna know that.
Hmm...
I don't have anything
quite as elaborate as a plan.
I'll just try to do my best
at whatever I can.
We'd like you to be
more specific than that.
All right, a massacre.
[all gasp]
[laughing]
I delayed it a bit with that broadcast.
All of those government cover-ups,
citizens who didn't care.
But they'll care
once it involves them personally.
Well, yeah,
but there's only a few of us here.
Do we really have a chance of success?
Of course. I'm willing to try.
-Whoo...
-[laughs]
[firefighter] Are you idiots?
[both] Huh?
You can't really be serious.
Naturally, I didn't expect that all of you
would agree with me on this.
So, who here disagrees with me, huh?
This guy and those two.
Oh, and you?
Huh? Uh...
[Sato] What do you think?
I don't like it.
Oh, very well, then. That's too bad.
Well, in that case,
those who disagree are free to go.
-Come on, let's go.
-[man 1 sighs] Mm.
[firefighter] Sato.
I won't let you do anything stupid.
I swear I'll stop you.
[chuckling]
[gasps]
Huh?
[grunting]
Are you okay?
Run!
[grunts]
EMERGENCY EXIT
Go that way. Run.
But are we just gonna
leave the others in there?
If we get caught here,
who's gonna stop Sato?
Come on.
It won't open.
What should we do, Mr. Sato?
Huh?
[Sato] Your aim certainly
hasn't gotten any better, has it?
[grunts]
You hit me instead.
I'm gonna die.
Sorry.
But you actually landed a good shot
on that one.
[man 2 groaning]
What do we do with these guys?
Stuff them in some drums... [groans]
and lock them away down in the basement.
You understand now?
What that guy's really like?
What about the others?
My guess is he'll keep them captive.
Now...
let's see just how serious
you guys really are.
You'll be Tanaka's assistants.
Chase down the guys who ran away
and bring them back.
[Takahashi laughs, then whoops]
What about you?
I'm unable to run.
I was born with a weak right leg.
Even when I die and come back,
my leg is still the same.
So, how can you contribute?
-That.
-Huh?
That rifle has a barrel
that is slightly bent.
So you should aim
a little bit to the left.
And that CO2 cartridge is loose.
[Tanaka] Huh.
Guess I know a little more about guns
and machines than Mr. Tanaka does.
Very good. Not bad at all.
So, the game begins.
There's a way out!
What'll we do when we get outside?
[both grunting]
You just go and lead a normal life.
This is no job for a kid.
[Ko yells]
-Damn!
-What do we do?
[door clangs]
Over there.
-Jump. I'll buy some time.
-Huh?
From here?
You're an Ajin, right?
Now hurry up and jump.
I-- I'm afraid of heights.
Now listen, those guys won't quit.
Even if the police
manage to get in their way,
there's no telling how many people
they'll end up killing.
But what about you?
I have a family out there,
a young daughter.
No matter what, I have to stop those guys.
-Okay, then push me out.
-Huh?
I can't push a kid off the ledge.
[gunshot]
-Mister!
-Hey. We got them!
Mr. Tanaka. Go for it.
You really are a pretty bad shot.
Aw, shut up.
[groaning]
-Now it's up to you.
-Huh?
You're the only one who can stop Sato now.
Hold on.
You... You'll have to stop him.
Now go!
[Ko] Okay.
[Tanaka] A little to the left.
[grunts]
-Mister!
-What?
Hurry, go!
Uh...
Right.
You gotta be kidding!
[Sokabe] This is the TV footage taken
in front of the Ministry the other day.
This man here staggers unnaturally,
as though
he bumped into something we can't see.
Huh... So there was an IBM there.
Yeah.
Although unfortunately
we can't tell how many.
Zoom in more.
There's really nothing else to look at.
No. That one back there.
He's following something with his eyes.
He can see the IBM walk by.
He's the one. He's our lead.
[panting and grunting]
[scoffs]
That little bastard sure can run,
can't he?
[man in strained voice] Hey.
Do you really think
that Sato's way is right?
What's that?
It's just...
The government hides information
probably just so they can avoid
creating a panic.
But if you start with this terrorism,
things will get out of hand. [grunting]
The whole country will support...
hunting down Ajins.
[woman on TV]
When I go to bed, it's with you.
[sighs]
Are you really sure that it'll be okay?
Me staying here like this?
Ah, it's fine. After all,
you not only carried me here,
but you brought my things in, too.
Thank you so much.
[Kei] She already saw my face, anyway.
This is less suspicious than running away.
[sighs] Here you are.
Sorry I don't have anything better
to offer.
[on TV] And now for our next story.
The search for Kei Nagai,
an Ajin who escaped
from the research facility three days ago,
is still underway.
The police have increased their forces
and are asking for eyewitness accounts.
There has been a great deal of uproar
about Ajins lately,
with doubts about human experimentation
and the mysterious explosion.
What does the future hold?
I don't plan on doing anything rash.
I'm sure every man has his own reasons,
anyway.
So, you're called Kei?
I have a grandson
just about the same age as you.
His name is Ryota. Unfortunately,
I haven't seen him in years.
[sighs]
[Kei] This is perfect.
I can test out a few things.
[sighs]
Huh? Sato!
Huh? It's not him!
[sighs]
Huh?
[Ko] Is that an Ajin?
No, that's not the direction Sato was.
So, who is it, then?
[sighs]
It's gone already?
Why does it disappear on its own
like that?
[sighs]
[Kei] But at least now I know
how to summon it.
[Kei IBM] Rescuing people
really isn't worth all the effort.
This is the fifth one.
I can summon it several times
in a row now.
[grunting]
[sighs]
[yells]
Oh. Morning.
Good morning. [chuckles]
Oh, my. So much blood!
Oh, this?
I just had a little fall earlier.
Stay still.
We need to call an ambulance.
-No, no, no, I'm fine. [chuckles]
-Oh, wait.
[chuckling] I'm okay.
[woman] Wait.
[woman sighing]
Huh?
That old lady, so nosy.
[sighs]
Huh?
I must have left it unlocked.
You're Ko Nakano, right?
This is your place?
Yeah. But I, uh...
[grunts]
-Damn it!
[man] Don't let him get away!
Those guys in black are the same ones
who were at Dr. Ogura's location, right?
Yeah.
-Were they sent by the Ministry?
-No, of course they weren't.
They were employed by a certain man.
And then I decided
to recruit them for myself.
They do various jobs for me.
Sometimes it gets rough.
[grunting]
Aah!
[grunts]
Damn, I've gotta jump again?
[both grunting]
That's far enough.
[grunts]
Damn, damn, damn!
[both grunting]
[screaming]
[groaning]
You're the only one who can stop Sato now.
Yeah, I know that.
Damn it!
[grunting]
[Izumi] What do we do?
[Tosaki] Run him over.
-What?
-Then I'll do it.
[Ko grunting]
[grunting]
[ambulance siren wailing]
[doors open]
[medic 1] We were told
there was an injured man here.
Oh, man.
Don't worry, it's gonna be okay.
You said you were told?
Huh?
[siren wailing]
[laughing]
[medic 1] He's laughing?
[medic 2] He may have a head injury.
[men panting]
I'm sorry.
Find out exactly where he's being taken.
With injuries like that,
they must be going to a hospital nearby.
[flatlining]
[medic 1 sighs] His vitals have stopped.
We're too late. Damn it.
[medic 2]
He must have lost too much blood.
[medic 1]
Look, they're waiting for us inside.
Let's go ahead and bring him in.
[yells]
[panting]
[Ko] Damn it, the fact that no one knew
about me was my one advantage.
That thing, it was an Ajin.
But not one of those guys with Sato.
[Kei] I can keep it out
longer than yesterday, but...
[Kei IBM] Why does it disappear
on its own like that?
[sighs] He always repeats whatever I say.
[Sato] How's it going, Okuyama?
-Oh, I'm already finished.
I'm tapping into a residential line.
The upload is being routed
through Russian and Chinese servers,
so there's no way it can be traced.
[Sato] Ahh...
Very good. Job well done.
So, we meet once again.
This is the Ajin Sato.
However, today is not just a simple chat.
I'll make it brief.
We are now being hunted down.
Therefore,
I've had to make a difficult decision.
And that is...
We're going to create
a country we can live in through force.
The first wave is in 10 days.
Wednesday at 3 p.m.
We will attack Grant Pharmaceuticals.
For the sake of all the Ajin
still wondering whether or not to fight,
we will show them how strong we are.
And to the humans who think
this doesn't involve you,
it's just about to begin.
So brace yourselves.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪